schema validation added to the docs (#44)
aiven/klaw-docs: docs/docs/concepts/promotion.rst

      "baseSyncEnvironment": "DEV",
      "orderOfTopicPromotionEnvsList": ["DEV", "TST"],
      "requestTopicsEnvironmentsList": ["DEV"],
      "requestSchemaEnvironmentsList" : [ "DEV_SCH"],
      "orderOfConnectorsPromotionEnvsList" : [],
      "requestConnectorsEnvironmentsList" : []
     }
  }

> ..  note::
>     ```orderOfSchemaPromotionEnvsList``` was removed in 2.2.0 and replaced with a feature enhancement to associate a schema registry with a Kafka Environment in the Schema Environment addition and modify pages and thus also matching the order of promotion defined in ```orderOfTopicPromotionEnvsList```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  note::
    In Klaw version 2.2.0, the ``orderOfSchemaPromotionEnvsList`` has been replaced with an enhanced feature that allows users to associate a schema registry with a Kafka environment in the Add/modify Schema Environment pages. Thereby matching the order of promotion defined in ``orderOfTopicPromotionEnvsList``.
```
